doc: Enhance rule documentation (#50)
salesforce/eslint-plugin-lwc: docs/rules/valid-track.md

# Validate `track` decorator usage (valid-track)

> The following restriction applies to `track` decorator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> -   The `track` decorator can only be applied to class fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the `@track` decorator to class fields only.
```
